---
title: "Daily Updates"
date: 2021-12-7
---

## About my current status

It is a kind of so ironic that I was doing nothing, and the pace and mental status is in extremely bad condition. On the one hand, I know I have only little time left, on the other hand, I was addicted to those videos and did not try to work on the things that I should do.

I am running away from a lot of things, running away from our fellows students, and most importantly, running away from myself. Some times, my mood is in bad, such that I don't want to do my homework and just want to play games; sometimes, I am so afraid of others, not only the people I know, but also the people I don't know, I hover around in the campus like a ghost, just to find a place that nobody will know what I am doing, and for most of the time, under this condition, I will be watching videos and not studying. The videos and games are indeed the most harmful sort of things, which not only takes up my time, and also distract my attention and focus.

I was at the one hand anxious about what all the others have achieved. But, in real action, I was not moving forward, instead, I hide myself in these virtual world to acquire temporary happiness and ease. The world is real and realistic, if we failed to connect to others, we will just get lost and get fall behind; if we do not make any efforts to move in the direction, the work will still be there, nobody can act instead of you to make any progress. Indeed, those outstanding people have their own connection between each other, they influence each other and make progress together, they learn from each other and encourage each other, this is how always studying alone will bring drawbacks to us.

I have long been in this kind of bad situation, and I have report them and record them long time ahead of time. But the most important thing is not to talk about all these things, but to take real actions and make real progress in these directions. And only our own sense of self-discipline can help us move forward.

I think resting is very important, we should give both our body and heart enough time to rest, so that we can have the peace and confidence in mind, have a clear thought, which will prepare us well for the work to finish in the near future. We should try our best to do what we can do with the rest of the time left for us, we should not stop our steps because we are afraid of all the tasks and challenges lying ahead. At many cases, I stop taking actions or try to escape into the virtual world when there is only little time left for us to finish our works. 

From some larger cases, we should learn to hold up the pressure and live up to the quality of tolerance. At many cases, I just care too much about others' voice and so that I become self-abasement. Since I am bearing a bad condition, I am afraid of any failure and am not willing to try new things. We need to accept ourselves, accept our weakness and not being afraid to show them to others and give up the fragile "pride and fame". 

There are traditionally two kinds of way people do things, one is to continuously move on while taking rests also at a higher frequency, the other one is work to the extreme and then play to the extreme. We should probably choose one to adopt or combine both of them.

