---
title: "Daily Updates"
date: 2021-12-8
---



Today's Schedule:

- [x] Game Developing (0:00~3:00)
- [x] Sleeping (3:00~7:30)
- [x] Shower (7:30~8:00)
- [x] IO Homework (8:00~10:00)
- [x] Resting and sleeping (10:00~11:30)
- [x] Lunch (11:30~12:30)
- [x] IO Homework (12:30~13:30)
- [x] Resting (13:30~14:40)
- [x] IO Homework (14:40~15:40)
- [x] Resting (15:40~16:00)
- [x] IO Homework (16:00~17:00)
- [x] Dinner (17:00~17:30)
- [x] Sleeping (17:30~18:30)
- [x] IO Homework (18:30~20:00)
- [x] Sleeping (20:00~20:30)
- [x] IO Homework (20:30~22:30)
- [x] Resing (22:30~23:20)
- [x] Handing in homework (23:20~24:00)



## About my current status

Human who is going alone can sometimes be weak mentally, their sense of laziness may take charge, and they may become afraid of facing challenges because they felt hopeless. With the support of friends and the kind of environment and atmosphere created by outstanding friends, one will be motivated and encouraged to move forward as the friends do.

I have come to a fully recognition that, in any status of our life, studying is the most important thing, I have screw up my life in the university and that could be a start of my failure of my life. In this kind of difficulties, a person would need an extremely strong emotional power to support him or her to move upward and catch up with others. I am not sure whether if I am the sort of person that will have this kind of persistence. 

Probably the decision of going into SCRSA has ruined my whole life, though we cannot just put all the responsibility to it, but together with all the other stuffs, we indeed become someone who was in a desperate situation, bad in study and also bad in communication (interpersonal relationships). It's my weakness in characteristics and personalities, it's my weakness in self-discipline, all these has contribute to my failure.

It is highly possible that I am done, my life is done, man. However, I will not give up right now, I should try my best to go to the end of my life path, live to the extreme of my lifespan, to explore and see if there is any other routes or path that can hold me up again.

Dam it!
