---
title: "Daily Updates"
date: 2021-12-2
---



I am in the kind of bad situation that I feel I am lack of confidence, and I do not want to meet others or communicate with others because I maybe left behind by them and I don't like that kind of feelings.

Whenever we are in a good condition, we should think about the future times that we may be get stuck in trouble, and make early preparations and arrangements for it.

We should probably make schedules and follow strictly with the schedule. Or at least we should record what we did in the day that has just passed, or otherwise we would easily get into the case that we finish nothing in that day and the time has just pass by, probably spent on those meaningless entertainment on videos, news and other stuffs on the inter net. Bad!

I am not sure whether recording our time usage will make our life more organized or just increasing our stress. Probably they come at the same time with each other. Since we are frequently reminded about the task to be finished, we will definitely feel stressful but that feeling will also push us on moving forward and have a better control of our time management and behaviors.

I have the strong sense of feeling that I need to make a time scheduling and follow that strictly especially in this intense workload situation.

There are two kinds of ability that I have to train myself:

- Being able to focus my attention on the work which I am supposed to be currently working on (And being able to keep myself away from all kinds of distractions: videos (YouTube and BiliBili) and sometimes musics)
- Being able to make proper scheduling for the tasks that are waiting for me to finish



Today's Schedule:

- [x] Finish EIE Lab Report (22:00~23:30)

- [x] Back to dormitory and (23:30~24:00)
- [x] Finish EIE Lab Report (0:00~1:00)