---
title: "Daily Updates"
date: 2021-12-13
---

### Daily Report

Going to the library instead of studying in the dormitory, going to the class room instead of having on-line courses, the previous one is much better because you can feel the interaction between fellows and have more chances to interact with professors. The important thing is the environment or say atmosphere that you will meet and see outstanding fellows and this will push you and encourage you to move forward and take action, and you can make timely discussions with your fellow if you meet any problem, and the information passing will be more in time.

I have now recognize a thing, that my life is probably going to be a disaster. I has messed up my life and fail to perform well in schools, I am such a coward and is not courageous enough to make decisions and take actions, I was just such a bad guy. I has lost the most important two years in my university life, and everything just starts too late, and you would probably give up if it becomes too hard a problem.

Or is this simply the process for me to recognize that I was just a normal human, I am not able to do many things, I am just weak and power less, I should accept that not everything can go as our wish, and that is possibly because that the first 20 years of my life is jut so "difficulty less"? I need more chance to challenge myself and push myself to a better situation. Or it is probably because that I am try to avoid having any expectations in my past life in order to run away from any possible disappointment that may come when the wishes is not realized?

The outstanding people are changing their lives from an early age, but I am just wasting my life. The roommates in my dormitory are not a good influence for me, I may probably need to get away from that and go to the library more often.

I have lived a life full of failure all the way to here. We need to accept, actually, the simplest thing, that we are a normal person, there are many people who are more diligent and more outstanding than me. So I should always be humble and try my best to learn from them.

For all these moments and time I spent in student organizations, I have learned only one thing for sure: express your appreciation, recognition and praise timely for others and give your support for them.

The environment is important, and the support form outside is also important. I have lost 2 years of time for a full dedication to the major. This is a great chance for your development however you make your decision and choice and should take the responsibility for that. The pain, the anxiety, the regret, the disappointment, together with some of the pleasure. 

Another thing I should remember is that, keep your eyes for the future, make long plans and decisions. You should be the person who "WINS" at the ending line instead of the person that leads in the middle of the game. Though, life is probably not a "competition" that will have winners or losers, but people make comparisons.

Every moment in our life cannot go again, we can live our life for once, and we should always make decisions that we will not regret as for exchange of a peace in mind. We cannot restart our life, it is precious and it is unique, we should try our best to live it out and make the most of it. No matter whether the result is a success or a failure, we should try our best, just don't regret on it. We do not have another chance to live our life to learn how we should live it out. So just don't put your words on others so easily. Try your best to understand others and try your best to make yourself powerful and reliable, strong enough to face the wind and storms in the ocean of our life.

We should embrace the new chances, though, we cannot know where the wind will bring us to.

It is such a luck that one can meet his or her partner and go through th whole life together. I don't wan to wait anymore, I want to chase for it and acquire it with my hands. Just don't be afraid of the failure and the disappointment that will follow a unachieved dream. If you never be brave enough to go for your dream, it is never possible that you can ever achieve something you want.

Go out of your dormitory and see the world outside. Positively interact with them and participate in them. Don't get stuck in the narrow world, don't let it limit you and stops your from moving forward. Be confident again, even though if you are in such a bad condition. Reconfigure yourself, reboot it and restart again. Refresh your mood.

Some times I know what is the correct thing I should do, but I failed to follow that path.
